# portfolio
To create this portfolio I coded in HTML and stylde with CSS via Visual Studio Code. I then pushed my code to Github so others could view my portfolio online. When creating the website I had run into a few challenges. Firstly, in the mobile version I couldn't get the logo to center, the logo is a flex item so I tried 'code'justify-content'code', 'justify-item', and 'justify-self' on the appropriate containers, set it on center, yet it still would not work. To fix this issue I added a left margin to the logo. This helped somewhat resolve my issue but it's not perfect. Another issue I faced was creating the "some of my work..." section on the home page. Orignally, I had more elements and a more complex collage but I had difficulty lining up the edges and having the elements fit in there seamlessly. I tried using both a grid and flexbox but some of the elements would be too big and some other elements would be too small. To resolve this issue I simplified the collage so it would be more code-friendly. I also had some trouble with pseudo elements. For some reason :hover would not work on my link elements and :focus would not work on my link or button elements. I tried resolving this issue by trying different things and researching online to see if other had the same issue but I still couldn't figure out why it wouldn't work. Lastly, I have noticed the most improvement in my understanding of margins and padding. When I first learned these I was pretty confused but now I feel like I understand them clearly and can accurately visualize it in my head. 
The assets I used to help create my portfolio that are not mine are...
1. Google Fonts - Roboto (https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto)
2. Social Icons (https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css)
